[bitnami/spring-cloud-dataflow] Update dependencies (#26447)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/spring-cloud-dataflow/README.md

If you enabled RabbitMQ chart to be used as the messaging solution for Skipper to manage streaming content, then it's necessary to set the `rabbitmq.auth.password` and `rabbitmq.auth.erlangCookie` parameters when upgrading for readiness/liveness probes to work properly. Inspect the RabbitMQ secret to obtain the password and the Erlang cookie, then you can upgrade your chart using the command below:

### To 29.0.0

> This major updates the Kafka subchart to its newest major, 26.0.0. For more information on this subchart's major, please refer to [Kafka upgrade notes](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/kafka#to-2600).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This major updates the Kafka subchart to its newest major, 29.0.0. For more information on this subchart's major, please refer to [Kafka upgrade notes](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/kafka#to-2900).
```
